=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=for stopwords sharedir

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::GenerateFile::FromShareDir - Create files in the repository or build, using a sharedir template

=head1 VERSION

version 0.015

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    [GenerateFile::FromShareDir]
    -dist = Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::Author::ME
    -source_filename = my_data_template.txt
    -destination_filename = examples/my_data.txt
    key1 = value to pass to template
    key2 = another value to pass to template

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Generates a file in your distribution, indicated by C<-destination_file>, based on the
L<Text::Template> located in the C<-source_file> of C<-dist>'s
L<distribution sharedir|File::ShareDir>. Any extra config values are passed
along to the template, in addition to C<$zilla> and C<$plugin> objects.

I expect that usually the C<-dist> that contains the template will be either a
plugin bundle, so you can generate a custom-tailored file in your distribution, or a
plugin that subclasses this one.  (Otherwise, you can just as easily use
L<[GatherDir::Template]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::GatherDir::Template>
or L<[GenerateFile]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::GenerateFile>
to generate the file directly, without needing a sharedir.)

=for Pod::Coverage::TrustPod gather_files
    munge_file
    after_build
    after_release

=head1 OPTIONS

All unrecognized keys/values will be passed to the template as is.
Recognized options are:

=head2 C<-dist>

The distribution name to use when finding the sharedir (see L<File::ShareDir>
and L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ShareDir>). Defaults to the distribution corresponding to
the running plugin.

=head2 C<-destination_filename> or C<-filename>

The filename to generate in the distribution being built. Required.

=head2 C<-source_filename>

The filename in the sharedir to use to generate the new file. Defaults to the
same filename and path as C<-destination_file>.

=head2 C<-encoding>

The encoding of the source file; will also be used for the encoding of the
destination file. Defaults to UTF-8.

=head2 C<-location>

default: C<build>

The target location of the generated file. When C<build>, the file is added to
the distribution in the normal file gathering phase. When C<root>, the file is
instead written to the source repository.

=head2 C<-phase>

Only relevant when C<-location = root>. When C<build> (the default), the file
is written on every build operation. When C<release>, it is only written after
the distribution is released.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=for stopwords templated

=over 4

=item *

L<File::ShareDir>

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ShareDir>

=item *

L<Text::Template>

=item *

L<[GatherDir::Template]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::GatherDir::Template> - gather a file from the dist, and then pass it through a template

=item *

L<[GenerateFile]|Dist::Zilla::Plugin::GenerateFile> - generate a (possibly-templated) file purely based on data in F<dist.ini>

=back

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-GenerateFile-FromShareDir>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-GenerateFile-FromShareDir@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-GenerateFile-FromShareDir@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also a mailing list available for users of this distribution, at
L<http://dzil.org/#mailing-list>.

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
L<C<#distzilla> on C<irc.perl.org>|irc://irc.perl.org/#distzilla>.

I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org> and C<irc.freenode.org>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Dave Rolsky Kent Fredric

=over 4

=item *

Dave Rolsky <autarch@urth.org>

=item *

Kent Fredric <kentfredric@gmail.com>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
